Improve project maintenance and security (#340)
ossf/scorecard-webapp: scorecards-site/content/home.md

#### Source risk assessment

| Name                                                                                               | Description                                                                                                                                           | Risk     |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|
| [Binary Artifacts](https://github.com/ossf/scorecard/blob/main/docs/checks.md#binary-artifacts)    | Is the project free of checked-in binaries?                                                                                                           | High     |

> | [Branch Protection](https://github.com/ossf/scorecard/blob/main/docs/checks.md#branch-protection)  | Does the project avoid dangerous coding patterns in GitHub Actions?                                                                                   | High     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Branch Protection](https://github.com/ossf/scorecard/blob/main/docs/checks.md#branch-protection)  | Does the project use [Branch Protection](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/administering-a-repository/about-protected-branches)?                                                                                   | High     |
```

> | [Dangerous Workflow](https://github.com/ossf/scorecard/blob/main/docs/checks.md#branch-protection) | Does the project use [Branch Protection](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/administering-a-repository/about-protected-branches)? | Critical |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Dangerous Workflow](https://github.com/ossf/scorecard/blob/main/docs/checks.md#dangerous-workflow) | Does the project avoid dangerous coding patterns in GitHub Actions? | Critical |
```

| [Code Review](https://github.com/ossf/scorecard/blob/main/docs/checks.md#code-review)              | Does the project require code review before code is merged?                                                                                           | High     |

> | [Contributors](https://github.com/ossf/scorecard/blob/main/docs/checks.md#contributors)            | Does the project have contributors from at least two different organizations?                                                                         | Low      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Contributors](https://github.com/ossf/scorecard/blob/main/docs/checks.md#contributors)            | Does the project have contributors from at least three different companies?                                                                         | Low      |
```

> | [Contributors](https://github.com/ossf/scorecard/blob/main/docs/checks.md#contributors)            | Does the project have contributors from at least three different companies?                                                                         | Low      |

Author: I can do that. Thanks for the review!

> | [Contributors](https://github.com/ossf/scorecard/blob/main/docs/checks.md#contributors)            | Does the project have contributors from at least three different companies?                                                                         | Low      |

Author: 👍
